How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Having a tool that automatically scans a file to see the difference in lines helps me
because I spent less time doing that task

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

If I make an unexpected change that affects the entire behaviour of an app or a website
I can easily track down the mistake or typo made to correct the bug in a minimum amount
of time

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does

The pros of manually commiting are that I can specifically choose the time and action to be commited so that the changes registered looks like I want. The cons are that I can easily
forget an important point to commit so many steps or changes in files could be unregistered

The pros of having versions automatically saved are that I can focus on the developpment
instead of the points required to correctly save changes. The cons are that it could be hard
to read with so many commitments to find a bug

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because some version control systems are frequently used as files storage in which many files
may not have a relationship at all

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

First I type git log to see all the commits made and find the point i'm interested in. Next
I find the difference in the two commits between that point.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

If I know that I have a tool to track all changes in commits, I easily can go back to previous versions just before a bug when the behaviour of the app/webpage was correct

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to try it to control the changes of my project files more efficiently